Environment variables are not passed by default (#8)
fedora-python/tox-current-env: README.rst

plugin, and running ``tox``), you will get undefined results
(such as installing packages from PyPI into your current environment).

Environment variables are not passed by default
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Although the plug name suggest that current environment is used for tests,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the plugin name suggests that current environment is used for tests,
```

it means the Python environment, not Shell.

> If you want the tests to see all environment variables of the calling Shell,

Reviewer: - You don't need to pass all variables
- You don't necessarily need to run tox from a shell
```suggestion
If you want the tests to see environment variables of the calling process,
```
